README.md, before:

# NodeExperiments
Teaching myself NodeJS


Lesson 1: all tutorials referring to the command "node" should instead use "nodejs". Got it.


laptop setup:
----------------
jpinkham@TAZ04-MacBook-Pro ~ $ node --version
v7.8.0
jpinkham@TAZ04-MacBook-Pro ~ $ npm --version
4.2.0

No, wait:
jpinkham@TAZ04-MacBook-Pro ~ $ npm install npm@latest -g
jpinkham@TAZ04-MacBook-Pro ~ $ npm --version
5.3.0

==> Upgrading 1 outdated package, with result:
node 8.2.1
==> Upgrading node
==> Downloading https://homebrew.bintray.com/bottles/node-8.2.1.sierra.bottle.tar.gz
######################################################################## 100.0%
==> Pouring node-8.2.1.sierra.bottle.tar.gz
==> Using the sandbox
==> Caveats
Bash completion has been installed to:
  /usr/local/etc/bash_completion.d
==> Summary
🍺  /usr/local/Cellar/node/8.2.1: 4,151 files, 45.9MB
jpinkham@TAZ04-MacBook-Pro ~ $ node --version
v8.2.1


versions as of 8/5:
	nodejs - v8.2.1
	npm    - v5.3.0


dev VPS setup:
------------------
jpinkham@codegirl ~ $ nodejs --version
v4.2.6


jpinkham@codegirl ~ $ npm --version
/usr/bin/env: 'node': No such file or directory


Hmm. Upgrading VPS from Ubuntu 16.04 to 17.04

Commit message:

added info about weather.js script

README.md, after:

# NodeExperiments
Teaching myself NodeJS

11/1/2017: using node, request latitude and longitude from uer, then print the temp for that location, using NWS API
File: weather.js




laptop setup:
----------------
jpinkham@TAZ04-MacBook-Pro ~ $ node --version
v7.8.0
jpinkham@TAZ04-MacBook-Pro ~ $ npm --version
4.2.0

No, wait:
jpinkham@TAZ04-MacBook-Pro ~ $ npm install npm@latest -g
jpinkham@TAZ04-MacBook-Pro ~ $ npm --version
5.3.0

==> Upgrading 1 outdated package, with result:
node 8.2.1
==> Upgrading node
==> Downloading https://homebrew.bintray.com/bottles/node-8.2.1.sierra.bottle.tar.gz
######################################################################## 100.0%
==> Pouring node-8.2.1.sierra.bottle.tar.gz
==> Using the sandbox
==> Caveats
Bash completion has been installed to:
  /usr/local/etc/bash_completion.d
==> Summary
🍺  /usr/local/Cellar/node/8.2.1: 4,151 files, 45.9MB
jpinkham@TAZ04-MacBook-Pro ~ $ node --version
v8.2.1


versions as of 8/5:
	nodejs - v8.2.1
	npm    - v5.3.0


dev VPS setup:
------------------
jpinkham@codegirl ~ $ nodejs --version
v4.2.6


jpinkham@codegirl ~ $ npm --version
/usr/bin/env: 'node': No such file or directory


Hmm. Upgrading VPS from Ubuntu 16.04 to 17.04
